2020.2:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 3)
 * Bug Fix: 1.Added response queues for READ/Write transactions for Slave interfaces.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.1.1:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2020.1:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 2)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.2.2:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2019.2.1:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2019.2:
 * Version 3.3 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: 1.Updated SPI Interface.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.1.3:
 * Version 3.3
 * No changes

2019.1.2:
 * Version 3.3
 * No changes

2019.1.1:
 * Version 3.3
 * No changes

2019.1:
 * Version 3.3
 * Bug Fix: 1.Fix for DMA based peripherals to work with SMMU.
 * Bug Fix: 2.Updated the ddrc, phy driver files to set LPDDR4 VREF CA value to "30.8 %".
 * Bug Fix: 3.clk_to_pl_bufg port is disabled when internal clock source is used for gem tsu clock
 * Feature Enhancement: 1.Support added for Dynamic DDR controller configuration.
 * Feature Enhancement: 2.Support added for GPIO polarity control.
 * Feature Enhancement: 3.Added Manual QoS setting support for HP interface.
 * Feature Enhancement: 4.Added USB3 dual clock enablement support.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.3.1:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 2)
 * Bug Fix: 1.DRC to check DDR Actual frequecny >= 332MHZ and based on this critical warning is generated.
 * Bug Fix: 2.Introduced psu_init_ddr_self_refresh proc in psu_init.c/tcl
 * Bug Fix: 3.Enabled DDR high address by default.
 * Bug Fix: 4.Fractional clocking issues bug fixes for APU and Video clocks .
 * Bug Fix: 5.Manual and Auto modes clocking consistent output issue with same multipliers/divisors fixed.
 * Bug Fix: 5.Critical warning is shown when GEM TSU Clk is connected to EMIO and BUFG clock port pair is not looped back.
 * Bug Fix: 6.Added parameters to propagate loop back connectivity information of GEM TSU port clk_to_pl_bufg for register configuration.
 * Feature Enhancement: 1.USB phy reset introduced under I/O configuration page.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.2:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: 1.SD0_8BIT field of SD_CONFIG_REG2(0xFF180320) register will be updated based on SD data transfer mode (4Bit/8Bit).
 * Bug Fix: 2.Fixed incorrect power report calculation for CG devices.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.1:
 * Version 3.2
 * Bug Fix: 1.emio_enet0_enet_tsu_timer_cnt port is enabled.
 * Bug Fix: 2.RFSoC Devices were using incorrect Si revision.
 * Bug Fix: 3.IP now allows Live video pins enabling without Display port using at-least one GT.
 * Bug Fix: 4.Updated the ddrc, phy driver files to prevent overflow/underflow issues.
 * Bug Fix: 5.Changed LPDDR3 cfg.speed_bin to cfg.freq_mhz for EMR2-RL/WL calculation.
 * Bug Fix: 6.Fixed the tphy_wrcslat parameter.
 * Bug Fix: 7.Added separate parameters for USB3 HUB port enablement. PSU__USE__USB3_0_HUB and PSU__USE__USB3_1_HUB.
 * Bug Fix: 8.Fixed incorrect AMS clock setting in psu_init.
 * Bug Fix: 9.Simplified PCW-GEM TSU CLK selection by setting bit[22] of GEM_CLK_CTRL when TSU clock loop backed from PL and exposing emio_enet0_enet_tsu_timer_cnt[93:0] output port even when TSU clock is source from PS.
 * Bug Fix: 10.Cache Coherency feature is tested for EL1 - NS (on Native Linux) and EL3 applications.
 * Feature Enhancement: 1.The fractional clocking enable (FracEn) option is provided in Vivado for the ACPU to facilitate their precise
 * Feature Enhancement: clocking. When this option is checked/enabled the fractional value for the feedback value is configured for the respective PLL.
 * Feature Enhancement: 2.Self Refresh Functionality- When feature is enabled then top 1 MB of Lower DDR is reserved for internal purposes.
 * Feature Enhancement: 3.MPSoC PMU GPO initial state polarity configuration is supported from 2018.1.
 * Feature Enhancement: 4.When the DDR preset is selected, the clocking solution will be adjusted to use DPLL for DDR and DPLL will be given high priority/biased to achieve the DDR Memory Interface Device Frequency.
 * Feature Enhancement: 5.Zynq US+ RFSOC based new devices are added
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.4:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Issues Resolved:
 * IP constraints does not have a consistent order.
 * Axi_vip wrapper issues on ACP port,S_AXI0_HP0_FPD port.
 * Issues with constraint generation in SDx runs.
 * Resolved Propagation of USER strength parameter PSU__M_AXI_GP2__FREQMHZ  during upgrade from 2017.2.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 3.1
 * HASH(0x23c6040)
 * 1. The fractional clocking enable (FracEn) option is provided in Vivado only for the DP_VIDEO and DP_AUDIO peripherals to facilitate their precise.
 * clocking. When this option is checked/enabled the fractional value for the feedback value is configured for the respective PLL.
 * HASH(0x23c6050)
 * automatically.Each preset assumes a specific Memory Interface Device Frequency verify that the Actual Interface frequency is similar to the requested.
 * Currently Xilinx provides three presets.
 * HASH(0x23c6070)
 * HASH(0x23c6090)
 * HASH(0x23c60b0)
 * HASH(0x23c60d0)
 * 1.SMMU register 0xFD5F0018 is always initialized with 0x8000001F as part of Erroneous initialization of iou secure/non-secure access registers.
 * 2.Added parameter PSU_DDRC_ENABLE_LP4_HAS_ECC_COMP which will be enabled automatically when LPDDR4 ECC is enabled. user can still enable this
 * parameter without ECC button enabled when testing a ECC board but with ECC disabled.
 * 3.Updated DDR4 tCK speed bin boundaries by 1ps to match DDR4 JEDEC specification.
 * 4.Corrected SD0 SD 2.0 over EMIO HDL wrapper bus width to 4-bit wide.
 * 5.USB2.0 works now independently of USB3.0 GTR.
 * 6.Fine granularity refresh mode = 1X is now allowed only in Temp Controlled Refresh Mode PS DDR Temp Controlled refresh requires 1x refresh mode.
 * HASH(0x23c60f0)
 * 8.DDR4-2400T speed bin added.

2017.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * 1. The maximum frequency for the LPD interconnect is reduced to 260 Mhz for ES1 and ES2 Si; A critical
 * warning will be generated for such designs.
 * 2. TSU_SIGNALS can be enabled when GEM_PERIPHERAL_IO is on MIO or GT Lane.In order to enable these,
 * use the PS-PL Configuration (General/Others/GEM) in the GUI.
 * 3. azynquplus device support added.

2017.1:
 * Version 3.0
 * Multiple changes in interface and signal names for Zynq US+ MPSoC. As a result of this, upgrade
 * from project prior to 2016.4 may not be complete,requiring re-entry of settings. Please refer
 * to Xilinx Answer 67861 for upgrade details.
 * Interface and Signal Name changes
 * HASH(0x23c5f20)
 * in prior releases. Interfaces should not have clocks as part of them. Clock signals have been separated
 * from ENET_FIFO interface in this release. In addition to this change, the FIFO_ENET interface is automatically
 * disabled on upgrade. If the design was making use of the interface, reconnect the same.
 * HASH(0x23c5f30)
 * In order to enable these, use the PS-PL Configuration (General/Others) in the GUI.
 * HASH(0x23c5f50)
 * This did not allow for the accurate mapping of the IPI channels to respective interrupts. These have now been
 * split into individual interrupt lines. For eg., ps_pl_irq_pl_ipi[3;0] in prior releases will now be seen
 * as ps_pl_irq_ipi_channel7 through ps_pl-irq_ipi_channel10. Note that the actual port names will depend
 * on the channel selected in GUI.
 * HASH(0x23c5f70)
 * given under PS - PL Configuration (General/Others) in the GUI.
 * Multiple changes in DDR for Zynq US+ MPSoC as a result some of the UI options are removed and DRCs
 * have been added and modifed
 * 1. In prior release, DDR settings such as timing parameters were validated based on the Speed Bin and
 * User Requested Frequency. In 2017.1 release, the method has been updated to validate based on the actual
 * calculated frequency based on PLL output. This frequency is  displayed on the DDR page. The upgrade may
 * fail if your timing value settings do not match the actual frequency computed.
 * General Updates
 * 1. Isolation Configuration  has been improved in 2017.1 release; Refer to PG201 for complete details.
 * HASH(0x23c5f90)
 * 3. Zynq UltraScale+ Block diagram has been updated in the GUI to reflect availability of blocks and the
 * right names for the same.
 * 4. Tool Tips have been added to the GUI for usability.
 * Additional DRC checks
 * HASH(0x23c5fb0)
 * Checks have been added to limit this to the correct range.
 * Upgrade with incorrect frequency will not be successful.
 * HASH(0x23c5fd0)
 * as critical warning

2016.4:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Updated DDR4/LPDDR4/LPDDR3 timing parameters and drift settings for DDR configuration registers

2016.3:
 * Version 2.0
 * Inverters added to cmden and dataen ports of emio_sdio interface

2016.2:
 * Version 1.2
 * HASH(0x23c5e40)
 * 1. Clk & Ctl signals for Trace are not shown in GUI when trace width is selected as 16. This is fixed.
 * 2. DP Aux ports are required for proper functionality of DisplayPort.
 * Hence Aux is enabled when Display Port is selected
 * 3. MPSoC allows the option to route DPAUX through MIO. This has been enabled in 2016.2.
 * Note that for ZU9 ES1 devices,it's recommended to not use the MIO option for DP Aux.
 * 4. DRC enabled for clocking of GEM interfaces to allow only the divisor values which are generating correct
 * frequencies as requested for GEM to work. The divisor values generated may or may not be scalable to
 * HASH(0x23c5e50)
 * values can be generated to support 25MHz and 2.5MHz, but may not generate 125MHz.
 * HASH(0x23c5e70)
 * Support added for LPDDR3 in PCW
 * HASH(0x23c5e90)
 * 1. Inverter has been added for interface signal with in the PS HDL wrapper for multiple tri-state based
 * peripherals. This includes SPI, I2C, SDIO, MDIO for Ethernet and GPIO interfaces. As a result, all the
 * interfaces with _t_n ports are optional and not part of standard interface definition. New ports with _t
 * are added to the interfaces. On upgrade from prior releases, _t_n ports will be used by default.
 * It is user's responsibility to update the connections. For all new designs starting in 2016.2, _t_n
 * ports will not be available.
 * 2. DP_Video_ref_clk and DP_Audio_ref_clk are brought out in the Zynq UltraScale+ MPSoC wrapper file.
 * 3. Updates to support Clk & Ctl signals for Trace when width is > 16. Added HDL parameter as C_Trace_Data_Width
 * 4. Other bug fixes.

2016.1:
 * Version 1.1
 * Availability of up to 4 PL reset signals using GPIO through EMIO
 * Availability of default PL clock signal.
 * FIFO & PTP interfaces on GEM are always available through EMIO
 * dp_aux_data_oe_n is enabled when Display Port is enabled along with DPAUX through EMIO
 * Update in PSS_IO attributes, All Io attribute parameters including those of DDR are being dumped in HDL.(*PSS_IO= Signal Name, DiffPair Type, DiffPair Signal,Direction, Site Type, IO Standard, Drive (mA), Slew Rate, Pull Type, IBIS Model, ODT, OUTPUT_IMPEDANCE) and its corresponding signals are being written into HDL
 * Changes in PSS_Power, Clock frequency, data width of DDR3, VCO updated.
 * F2P Interrupt logic updated
 * Debug clocks added
 * EMIO, O,I,and T wire added to reflect the same number of EMIO (Outputs).

2015.4.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Added appropriate GT lanes for DP
 * Voltage swing level settings for GT lanes
 * Reference clocks of PLL selectable

2015.3:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Added IO pad report
 * IP revision number added to HDL module library and include file names to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances

2015.2.1:
 * Version 1.0
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 1.0
 * Initial release

(c) Copyright 2015 - 2020 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
